SecurityNow Podcast Archiver
============================

This script creates an RSS feed containing *all* the Security Now podcasts.

Security Now is a podcast on computer security. For details see https://www.grc.com/securitynow.htm and https://twit.tv/sn .

Security Now has been running for over a decade and there are now over a thousand episodes. A lot of the information that is discussed is background security stuff, i.e. how things work, so that is information that stays relevant even if it is a few years old. Unfortunately the RSS feed on twit.tv only contains the 10 latest episodes. This script can be used to generate an RSS feed containing all or a large part of the episodes, to be used with your favourite podcast listener.


How to use
----------

- Download this repository and run the ``generate-snarchive.py`` script.
- Put the generated ``snarchive.xml`` file in your Dropbox/Google Drive/other cloud drive.
- Create a public link to the file
- Paste the link in your podcast player as RSS feed.


Example
-------

An irregularly updated example lives here:

https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/cu0un37owcipcysvy5yya/snarchive.xml?rlkey=5o0wyidhsk87tdly6o800z7co&st=uaodrwcq&dl=1

Feel free to use it, but be aware that it will be out of date basically always.


Details
-------

Download this repository and run the ``generate-snarchive.py`` script. It requires a Python 3 interpreter and the following dependency modules: (Use e.g. ``pip3 install --user <modulename>`` to install modules)

- tzlocal
- bs4 (BeautifulSoup 4)

Run the script with ``python3 generate-snarchive.py``.

This will scrape the pages at grc.com to find all episodes, and generate an RSS feed file named ``snarchive.xml``.

Put the file somewhere online. Use your own webserver, or use an online storage service, for example Dropbox, a Google Drive, or any other web storage service.

Create a public link to the file. Note that the link must open the raw file, not a webpage with an interface showing the file. In the case of Dropbox, the link will end with ``dl=0``, change that to ``dl=1`` to have it access the raw file directly, otherwise it won't work. If you paste the link in your browser you should only see the content of the ``snarchive.xml`` file, not a login screen or a nice looking page generated by Dropbox or Google or whatever. Your browser may recognize that it is an RSS feed and offer you if you want to subscribe to it, or (in the case of a dropbox link) may offer to download the file.

Paste the link in your favourite podcast player as RSS feed, and you will now be able to easily listen to all the old Security Now podcasts.


How it works
------------

This script scrapes the HTML of the pages at www.grc.com/securitynow.htm, and www.grc.com/sn/past/2005.htm, .../2006.htm, etc. That means that if the layout of those pages changes this script will break. The actual download links for the MP3 files are at twit.tv, which is the publisher. If those links change, this script will also be broken.

(There is actually an API for twit.tv, so it is possible to get at the needed data without scraping web pages, but that API was a lot more trouble to use than just scraping. Also it would require an account, which is pretty stupid for getting information that is already public. Fortunately the grc.com pages are pretty simple to parse, and Steve never changes the format so this script will probably keep working as long as Steve is alive. And the Twit APIs will probably change more than the grc.com pages, so they are probably the most stable "API".)

@Leo: Please add archive feeds to twit.tv!

